Machine learning
basically: A way to automate analysis

overfitting - Hihghly tuned to specific examples
underfitting - Taking a small data set that is not representative of the ranges it will see.
    Poor accuracy is the result of both underfitting and overfitting.

machine learning is good with individual patterns but bad with a lot of noise

algorithm -> sample data -> performance

ensemble algorithms are a collection of different algorithm models.
feaure space:
all categorical attributes in a data set

feature:
a specific categorical attribute

machine learning models are meant to do something very specific

unsupervised machine learning models are when the features are unknown (like for sales or customer churn)
    how many explanatory variables that go into the ouput that we want.

bayesian networks

Machine Learning Algorithms
-80/20 rule applies here
-high accuracy depends on data
-accuracy can change due to data
-very expensive to achieve high accuracy
-iterative process for model selection

may use a suite of algorithms to solve a problem

algorithms that help us know how many clusters there are.
    I.E. Needs big speedups, need small speedups, need teleports etc.

Unsupervised machine learning core conepts
    Collaborative filters
        Modeled from prior user behavior
    content based filtering
        Based on users current behavior, tends to need some prior behavior to work with.

The Four Vs
    Variety
    Verocity
    Velocity
    Volume

SALES MODEL

Vector features
    Player CC level
    Player Power level
    Active Timers
        length of timers etc.
    Gold Amount
    Various Building levels (storage for instance?)
    event running
    sale value
    recent attack  
        offensive/defensive
        power lost
    IC Level

Paired Down (data april to now, from debug log data, purchasing)
    Last building timer started (timer length)
    Troops trained in x amount of time (timer length) (power of troops or volume of troops?)

    Lvl 10 infected unit started? 
    event running
    Power Lost 24 hrs
    Last Research Timer started (length)
    ITEMS BOUGHT (at what price)
    Items recently used (last 24 hours, what and volume)
Output
    What sale would a person in X position buy, what do they need and can our sale make that sale for that person.


Dimensions increase process time, reduce accuracy

Dimensionality reduction process

Training time increased by unsupervised models but can get answers just as quickly.
    clusters of association found by the training

Model space features that both match and don't match

PCA and high correlation matrix

Representative operating characteristic